Survival
========

__Trigger Warning:__ Do not read this file if you do not like to hear about
other people's problems and their sob stories.

This is free software released under the terms of the MIT license, and I chose
license specifically because I like how liberal it is. You don't owe me
nothing and I do not want you to feel like you owe me anything.

*******************************************************************************

I am not making it in this world, I simply am not surviving.

I was almost evicted just before Winter last year, and I suspect it will happen
again.

If this library is of value to you and you have the financial means to
contribute it would be greatly appreciated.

I have Epilepsy and medication did not fully control it. This caused me to have
my drivers license taken away when I was in my early 20s.

I do not have seizures often, never had one while driving, and know when I
might have one and wouldn't drive during that period, but that is not good
enough to allow me to drive.

It's funny. They take away my license out of fear of what might happen even
though it never did just because it is dangerous, yet the continue to let people
drive who are caught intentionally doing dangerous things while driving, such as
texting or are even under the influence of alcohol.

The difference is I am poor and our society systematically believes poor people
are not worth having around.

Losing my license in my 20s resulted in difficulty getting a job that provided
health insurance and I have not had medical insurance in over two decades. I
tried the California Covered route through Obamacare, but every time I would
call to try to get set up, when the operator on the other end realized I was
very poor and had several preconditions, they realized I wasn't a commission
and I would get transferred around from person to person until the line went
dead.

Most people have no idea how humiliating it is to have that happen time and
time again. It is especially difficult for those of us who are autistic and
have difficulty with social interactions in the first place.

Being autistic results in problems with me being employed in "regular" places.
The trend of "open offices" does not work for me, I always feel like there are
people standing behind me even when they are not, that kind of anxiety is very
common with autistic people. Pair coding is also something I can not do, my
mind works very differently from that of most people, I jump around a lot and
when something enters my mind I simply can not put it in the back and do
something else, it eats away at me, and that does not work with pair coding.

Coding standards, those are for neuro-typical people. This project after
creating it, I did make it conform to PSR-2 (mostly) and PHPDoc but these
standards that people make use arbitrary rules that are not actually shown to
improve the ability to code, following them is about demonstrating you are
part of the collective more than anything else - but the desire to be part of
the collective is foreign to my.

Why should it fucking matter that I use two spaces for indentation instead of
four? Why should it fucking matter that I like to have a blank line between
the closing `}` of the last function and the `}` that signifies the end of the
class? Why should it fucking matter that I really *really* like to have a
closing `?>` at the end of my PHP scripts?

Those coding standards are not there to improve the way PHP works, they are
there to exclude people who have different brain patterns and do not see why
they need to prove they are part of the collective. 

I use to do okay working from home for small businesses, logging in to their
servers to fix broken things, update their Linux server software, etc. but
that has all been taken away. Everyone is moving to Google and Amazon cloud
services where people like me really aren't needed anymore.

Google services, Google extensively tracks everyone without consent even when
we explicitly express we do not want to be tracked. If I gathered information
of people against their consent, I would get arrested for stalking. But the
difference is Google is rich and I am poor.

I do not understand why companies trust their sensitive data to Google, a
company that became rich specifically by violating privacy. To the way my brain
works, that makes absolutely no sense. But that's what businesses want and I
can't work with that either because it is so blatantly immoral.

Suicide rates in autistic people are extremely high, about 2/3 of those who are
autistic have seriously contemplated suicide. Society that is dominated by
neurotypical thinking systematically discriminates against us.

I can't speak for most autistics, but for me, my suicidal contemplations have
to do with purpose.

If I am not allowed to have a purpose then I do not have a reason to live.

Right now, I fulfill that purpose by providing RPM packages for a LAMP stack
built against LibreSSL that runs on CentOS 7 -[https://librelamp.com/](https://librelamp.com/)

I also maintain an updated media stack: [https://media.librelamp.com/](https://media.librelamp.com/)

That purpose is now being taken away by the RHEL/CentOS "software collections"
concept.

In fact a few years ago, the legendary Remi Collet contacted me. Something was
factually wrong on my website regarding the JSON license issue and it was right
for him to call me on it, but he also asked my why I was packaging newer PHP
when CentOS users could just Software Collections.

It's nice for him I suppose, he has purpose, but he seemed to have no clue that
for me it is one of the few things that does give me purpose and thus keeps me
alive.

To many, I suppose because of my social status, I am not worth worrying about.

Anyway, if I do become homeless and I suspect that may happen, I will
completely lose my ability to do things that give me purpose and I suspect that
will result in my death.

If this or other projects I work on and will continue to work on are of value
to you, financial contribution would be greatly appreciated.

paypal@domblogger.net

I use to have Bitcoin address, but I no longer can afford broadband and I do
not trust web wallets. So use the paypal.

Thank you for your time,

Alice Wonder


















